1. Write a class called Statistics, which has a static method called average, which takes a one
dimensional array for double type, as parameter, and prints the average for the values in the
array.
a. Now write a class with the main method, which creates a two-dimensional array for the
four weeks of a month, containing minimum temperatures for the days of the week(an
array of 4 by 7), and uses the average method of the Statistics class to compute and
print the average temperatures for the four weeks.
------------------------------------------------------
2. Develop the following application in given steps.
--
a. Step-1 :
--
i. Define a class called Cartesian Point, which has two instance variables, x and y.
Provide the following methods
1. get X() and get Y() to return the values of the x and y values respectively.
2. move() which would take two integers as parameters and change the
values of x and y respectively,
3. a method called display() which would display the current values of x
and y.
ii. Now overload the method move() to work with single parameter, which would
set both x and y to the same values, .
iii. Provide constructors with two parameters and overload to work with one
parameter as well.
iv. Now define a class called Test Cartesian Point, with the main method to test the
various methods in the Cartesian Point class.
---
b. Step-2 :
--
i. Define a class called Triangle, which has constructor with three parameters,
which are of type Cartesian Point.
ii. Provide methods
1. to find the area and the perimeter of the Triangle,
2. a method display() to display the three Cartesian Points separated by ':'
character,
3. a method move() to move the first Cartesian Point to the specified x, y
location, the move should take care of relatively moving the other
points as well,
4. a method called rotate, which takes two arguments, one is the Cartesian
Point and other is the angle in clockwise direction.
5. Overload the move method to work with Cartesian Point as a
parameter.
iii. Now define a class called Test Triangle to test the various methods defined in
the Triangle class.
c. Step-3 :
i. Similarly also define a class called Rectangle which has four Cartesian Poi