Exceptions
1. Define an Employee class with Employee code , name , date of birth , and date of 
appointment . The Employee code must have a format of year-designation-number. The 
year will be two digit code . The designation is single letter code M for Manager , A for 
Administrative , T for Technical Staff , E for Executive Staff . The number is a three 
digit number. For Eg.
 87-M-123 ( year is 1987 , Designation is Manager and number is 123)
 91-T-126
Write a java program to read the employee code , name , date of birth , and date of 
appointment and validate the employee code. If the employee code is incorrect a suitable 
user defined exception must be thrown . If the date of birth is after date of appointment then 
throw another user defined exception.
If all the details are correct then only create the employee object and display detail of 
employees and number of years of experience.
2. A method named average() has one argument that is an array of strings. It converts these 
to double values and returns their average. The method generates a NullPointerException 
if a array elements is null or NumberFormatException if an element is incorrectly 
formatted. Write a program that illustrates how to declare and use this method. Include 
throws clause in the method declaration to indicate that these problems can occur.
3. Write a program which creates an Array of character. Make one function with one 
argument as a character and that function throw a user defined exception if the character 
that u have passed is digit.
4. Write a program which creates an array of Date in form (dd/mm/yy). Analyze each 
element and check whether the date is correct or not. If the date is wrong then throw a 
User defined Exception DateException and display the appropriate message. If the Date 
is correct then display the date in this format. For example, if the date is 9/9/06 then 
display the date like 9th September 2006. You are able to display all the dates in the 
given String and for the date which is not proper, display the appropriate message